---
output: pdf_document
fontsize: 12pt
editor_options: 
  markdown: 
    wrap: 72
---

\thispagestyle{empty}

\hfill

\today

Dr. Paul F. Kemp, Editor-in-Chief\
Limnology and Oceanography: Methods \bigskip

\hfill

Dear Dr. Kemp, \bigskip

Enclosed please find our revised manuscript, titled \`Fitting metabolic
models to dissolved oxygen data: The Estuarine BAyesian Single-station
Estimation method (EBASE)', to be considered as a description of new
methods in Limnology and Oceanography: Methods.

We sincerely thank all three reviewers for providing helpful and
constructive comments on our manuscript. It is clear that all three
dedicated a substantial amount of time to the review and for that we are
grateful. We have made every effort to address the comments provided by
each reviewer, as noted in our line by line responses. In particular, we
have added critical references that were missing from the original draft
and provided a more thorough comparison of our approach with existing
methods. We also expand on recommendations for model application
regarding parameters that are not well constrained and provide
additional suggestions for further model development.

We greatly appreciate the opportunity to publish this work in Limnology
and Oceanography: Methods and are confident readers will consider it a
valuable contribution. Please feel free to contact us directly should
additional information be needed.

```{=tex}
\bigskip
\bigskip
```
Regards,

Marcus W. Beck, Tampa Bay Estuary Program, St. Petersburg, Florida, USA,
[mbeck\@tbep.org](mailto:mbeck@tbep.org){.email}

Jill M. Arriola, The Pennslyvania State University, University Park,
Pennsylvania, USA, [jva5648\@psu.edu](mailto:jva5648@psu.edu){.email}

Maria Herrmann, The Pennslyvania State University, University Park,
Pennsylvania, USA, [mxh367\@psu.edu](mailto:mxh367@psu.edu){.email}

Raymond G. Najjar, The Pennslyvania State University, University Park,
Pennsylvania, USA, [rgn1\@psu.edu](mailto:rgn1@psu.edu){.email}

\bigskip

\hfill
